feat(cdn): CDN domain support new fields (#4642)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/cdn_domain.md

  **type_c1**: Method C1.
  **type_c2**: Method C2.

* `sign_method` - (Optional, String) Specifies the encryption algorithm type for URL authentication.
  The default value is **md5**. The valid values are as following:
  + **md5**
  + **sha256**

* `match_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the authentication scope. The default value is **all**.

>   Currently, only support value is **all**, indicates that all files are involved in authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Currently, only **all** is supported, indicates that all files are involved in authentication.
```

* `sign_arg` - (Optional, String) Specifies the authentication parameters. The default value is **auth_key**.
  The valid length is limited from `1` to `100` characters, only letters, digits, and underscores (_) are allowed.
  The value can not start with a digit.

* `inherit_config` - (Optional, List) Specifies the details of the authentication inheritance.
  The [inherit_config](#inherit_config_object) structure is documented below.

> 

Reviewer: -> Add authentication parameters to TS and MP4 files under M3U8/MPD index files, so that the files can be played 
  after authentication succeeds.
